Update usage_metrics.md (#9256)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/usage_metrics.md

* Get instant alerts of spikes or drops in your usage
* Assess the potential impact of code changes on your usage in near real-time

> **Note**: These usage metrics are estimates that won't always match up to billable usage given their real-time nature. There is a 10-20% difference between estimated usage and billable usage on average. Due to the nature of the estimations, the difference is exacerbated for customers with low usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: These usage metrics are estimates that won't always match up to billable usage given their real-time nature. There is a 10-20% difference between estimated usage and billable usage on average. Due to the nature of the estimations, the margin of error is larger for small usage.
```
